README.md, before:

vi-mode
=======
This plugin increase `vi-like` zsh functionality.

Use `ESC` or `CTRL-[` to enter `Normal mode`.


History
-------

- `ctrl-p` : Previous command in history
- `ctrl-n` : Next command in history
- `/`      : Search backward in history
- `n`      : Repeat the last `/`
- `Home`   : Go to the beginning of line
- `End`    : Go to the end of line


Mode indicators
---------------

Mark at the right prompt, when it wasn't defined by theme:
* *Normal mode* is indicated with green `[N]`
* *Insert mode* is indicated with blue `[I]`


Vim edition
-----------

- `v`   : Edit current command line in Vim


Movement
--------

- `$`   : To the end of the line
- `^`   : To the first non-blank character of the line
- `0`   : To the first character of the line
- `w`   : [count] words forward
- `W`   : [count] WORDS forward
- `e`   : Forward to the end of word [count] inclusive
- `E`   : Forward to the end of WORD [count] inclusive
- `b`   : [count] words backward
- `B`   : [count] WORDS backward
- `t{char}`   : Till before [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the right
- `T{char}`   : Till before [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the left
- `f{char}`   : To [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the right
- `F{char}`   : To [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the left
- `;`   : Repeat latest f, t, F or T [count] times
- `,`   : Repeat latest f, t, F or T in opposite direction


Insertion
---------

- `i`   : Insert text before the cursor
- `I`   : Insert text before the first character in the line
- `a`   : Append text after the cursor
- `A`   : Append text at the end of the line
- `o`   : Insert new command line below the current one
- `O`   : Insert new command line above the current one


Delete and Insert
-----------------

- `ctrl-h`      : While in *Insert mode*: delete character before the cursor
- `ctrl-w`      : While in *Insert mode*: delete word before the cursor
- `d{motion}`   : Delete text that {motion} moves over
- `dd`          : Delete line
- `D`           : Delete characters under the cursor until the end of the line
- `c{motion}`   : Delete {motion} text and start insert
- `cc`          : Delete line and start insert
- `C`           : Delete to the end of the line and start insert
- `r{char}`     : Replace the character under the cursor with {char}
- `R`           : Enter replace mode: Each character replaces existing one
- `x`           : Delete [count] characters under and after the cursor
- `X`           : Delete [count] characters before the cursor

Commit message:

add command integrated with zsh-history-substring-search

README.md, after:

vi-mode
=======
This plugin increase `vi-like` zsh functionality.

Use `ESC` or `CTRL-[` to enter `Normal mode`.


History
-------

- `ctrl-p` : Previous command in history
- `ctrl-n` : Next command in history
- `/`      : Search backward in history
- `n`      : Repeat the last `/`
- `Home`   : Go to the beginning of line
- `End`    : Go to the end of line


TODO: Mode indicators
---------------

Mark at the right prompt, when it wasn't defined by theme:
* *Normal mode* is indicated with green `[N]`
* *Insert mode* is indicated with blue `[I]`


Vim edition
-----------

- `v`   : Edit current command line in Vim


Movement
--------

- `$`   : To the end of the line
- `^`   : To the first non-blank character of the line
- `0`   : To the first character of the line
- `w`   : [count] words forward
- `W`   : [count] WORDS forward
- `e`   : Forward to the end of word [count] inclusive
- `E`   : Forward to the end of WORD [count] inclusive
- `b`   : [count] words backward
- `B`   : [count] WORDS backward
- `t{char}`   : Till before [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the right
- `T{char}`   : Till before [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the left
- `f{char}`   : To [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the right
- `F{char}`   : To [count]'th occurrence of {char} to the left
- `;`   : Repeat latest f, t, F or T [count] times
- `,`   : Repeat latest f, t, F or T in opposite direction


Insertion
---------

- `i`   : Insert text before the cursor
- `I`   : Insert text before the first character in the line
- `a`   : Append text after the cursor
- `A`   : Append text at the end of the line
- `o`   : Insert new command line below the current one
- `O`   : Insert new command line above the current one


Delete and Insert
-----------------

- `ctrl-h`      : While in *Insert mode*: delete character before the cursor
- `ctrl-w`      : While in *Insert mode*: delete word before the cursor
- `d{motion}`   : Delete text that {motion} moves over
- `dd`          : Delete line
- `D`           : Delete characters under the cursor until the end of the line
- `c{motion}`   : Delete {motion} text and start insert
- `cc`          : Delete line and start insert
- `C`           : Delete to the end of the line and start insert
- `r{char}`     : Replace the character under the cursor with {char}
- `R`           : Enter replace mode: Each character replaces existing one
- `x`           : Delete [count] characters under and after the cursor
- `X`           : Delete [count] characters before the cursor

Integration with [zsh-history-substring-search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search)
-----------------------------------------------

- `ctrl-j`    : Select the newer command that contains in your command history
- `ctrl-k`    : Select the older command that contains in your command history

obs.: these commands works only in `insert` mode.
